Update file_inclusion.md (#544)
elastic/docs-builder: docs/syntax/file_inclusion.md

If there are portions of content that are relevant to multiple pages, you can inject content from another file into any given MD file using the `include` directive.

:::{note}

> Files to be included must live in a `_snippets` folder otherwise the docs builder will get mad. This folder can live anywhere. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files to be included must live in a `_snippets` to be considered a snippet file. This folder can live anywhere. 
```

I love the idea of the docs-builder getting mad, but these are just the rules it has laid out for y'all and it obeys them without emotion 😸

Author: 🤣
